Update Readme.md (#1)
DevExpress-Examples/how-to-automatically-create-columns-for-all-fields-in-a-grids-datasource-e1521: Readme.md

[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in_DevExpress_Support_Center-FF7200?style=flat-square&logo=DevExpress&logoColor=white)](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/details/E1521)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
<!-- default badges end -->

# WPF Data Grid - Generate Columns for All Fields in a Data Source

This example uses the [DataControlBase.AutoGenerateColumns](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/DevExpress.Xpf.Grid.DataControlBase.AutoGenerateColumns) property to populate the grid with columns from its data source.

> The image below demonstrates the difference between generation modes (**AddNew**, **KeepOld**, and **RemoveOld**). Manually defined columns are highlighted with light yellow, automatically generated — do not have a background.

Reviewer: `Manually defined columns are highlighted with light yellow, automatically generated — do not have a background.`

What do you mean by "automatically generated"? Can you clarify what is automatically generated?

Author: ```suggestion
The image below demonstrates the difference between generation modes (**AddNew**, **KeepOld**, and **RemoveOld**). Manually defined columns are highlighted with light yellow, automatically generated columns do not have a background.
```
It's `automatically generated columns`
I wanted to get rid of repetition and make the sentence shorter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The image below demonstrates the difference between generation modes (**AddNew**, **KeepOld**, and **RemoveOld**). Manually defined columns are highlighted in light yellow; automatically generated columns do not have a background color.
```

Reviewer: Thanks. I slightly edited your suggestion.
